DOCSUP-2193: Describe SHOW queries for RBAC (#14128)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/statements/show.md

Shows parameters that were used at a [settings profile creation](../../sql-reference/statements/create/settings-profile.md).

### Syntax {#show-create-settings-profile-syntax}

``` sql
SHOW CREATE [SETTINGS] PROFILE name
```

## SHOW USERS {#show-users-statement}

> Shows a list of usernames. See [user account](../../operations/access-rights.md#user-account-management).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a list of [user account](../../operations/access-rights.md#user-account-management) names.
```
